Update example (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/XPO_how-to-localize-displayable-names-of-persistent-properties-e1746: Readme.md

<!-- default file list -->
*Files to look at*:

* [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs](./CS/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs) (VB: [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb](./VB/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb))
* [Product.cs](./CS/LocalizableDisplayName/Product.cs) (VB: [Product.vb](./VB/LocalizableDisplayName/Product.vb))
<!-- default file list end -->
# How to localize the displayable name of a property

> .NET Framework has a built-in mechanism to customize a displayable name. Refer to the [DisplayNameAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.displaynameattribute) description for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET Framework has a built-in mechanism that allows you to customize displayed names. Refer to the [DisplayNameAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.displaynameattribute) description for more information.
```

> You can create a DisplayNameAttribute descendant and override its [DisplayName](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.displaynameattribute.displayname) property. In the DisplayName property getter, retrieve a corresponding value from a resource file. Refer to the following MSDN article for additional information: [Work with .resx files programmatically](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/resources/working-with-resx-files-programmatically).

Reviewer: `retrieve a corresponding value` There can be multiple corresponding values?

Author: I deleted the second sentence and make the first sentence more specific: "You can create a DisplayNameAttribute descendant and override its [DisplayName](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.displaynameattribute.displayname) property **to return a value depending on the user language**."

Reviewer: `depending on the user language`
- What is this 'user language' you mention?
- Why do you use 'depending' instead of 'that depends on'?

Author: 1. I discussed this with teammates and we decided that "system locale" is a better technical term than "user language" in this context. I changed "user language" to "system locale".
2. Yes, I need to change "depending" to "that depends on". Done.

> In this example we demonstrate how to retrieve values from resource files using classes generated by the ResXFileCodeGenerator tool. You can find the source code in the following files: [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs](./CS/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs) and [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb](./VB/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use classes generated by the ResXFileCodeGenerator tool to retrieve values from resource files. You can find the source code in the following files: [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs](./CS/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs) and [LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb](./VB/LocalizableDisplayName/LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb).
```

> To use this solution, add the LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.cs or LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute.vb file to your project. In the Solution Explorer window, set focus on an appropriate *.resx file, press F4 to open the Properties window, and ensure that the **Custom Tool** property value is **ResXFileCodeGenerator**.

Reviewer: - `set focus on` Explain
- `an appropriate *.resx file` Define 'appropriate'

Author: I changed this sentence to: "In the Solution Explorer window, **click a *.resx file that contains property names**, press F4 to open the Properties window, and ensure that the **Custom Tool** property value is **ResXFileCodeGenerator**."

Reviewer: Ok

> Add the LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute to properties and pass the auto-generated class type and the resource string name as parameters. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the LocalizableDisplayNameAttribute to properties and pass the auto-generated class type and the resource string name as parameters, for example:
```

```cs
[LocalizableDisplayName(typeof(PropertyNamesRes), "Product_Name")]
public string Name {
```

> Note: if Visual Studio did not generate a new file after you changed the **Custom Tool** property to **ResXFileCodeGenerator**, right-click the resource file in the Solution Explorer window and click the **Run Custom Tool** menu item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If Visual Studio does not generate a new file after you change the **Custom Tool** property to **ResXFileCodeGenerator**, right-click the resource file in the Solution Explorer window and click the **Run Custom Tool** menu item.
```
